# HTML and CSS Project

This folder consist of the projects I works on using HTML, CSS, and Boostrap. 

## Projects

1. Effecting Images with CSS
1. CSS rollover
1. One Page Project
1. Cinemas  
1. Space Station

## Effecting images with CSS

It's an example of how the "click to enlarge" effect works. I used HTML elements and
attributes to displace an image thay can be click to enlarge. 

## CSS rollover

It's 4 boxes of images that change and move when hover over. I attached the CSS sheet that I
did most of my work on this project with. 

## One Page Project

In this project, it contain the drop-down menu that contain the Home, Gallery and the
Contact. I used attribute class and hypertext referemce to link in gallery images and link in
each section of the page with the drop-down menu on the navbar. I used the form elements to
create contact information of the users. 

## Cinemas

Method used in creating the website.
I mainly used the HTML to construct the webpage and Boostrap 4 to style the site. HTML was
used to build the structure of the site, linking using hypertext reference for my images and
to link each section to my navbar. The navbar on the website contain the drop-down menu
containing the About that lead you to the section where the introduction of the website is
located, showtime that will direct you to the shows and the deals for our rewards program. In
the navbar also has a search button. As I styles the website in input each object accordingly
so it can merge into each bootstrap that I utilized for each object.  After I input all
elements and necessary object, I debugs my coding than run it before commit and push my code
to my GitHub account. 

## SpaceStation

I used the HTML to build the structure of the site using basic CSS and used HTML elements and
attributes. After I build the structure, I used the CSS to styled using elements to color,
measures and input borders to each section or images on the site as well as to home each
object in the site. The elements I utilized in the HTMLâ€™s are the hypertext reference to link
in CSS files, link outer space images that is being displays on the website, and I link each
section of the webpage to the navbar. I also use the form element to create my reservation
section.





